<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="introduction">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <shortdesc>Description of the TRS-80 Expansion Interface, the parts that come with it, and what
        it can be used for.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>The TRS-80 Expansion Interface consists of the Case, a DC Power Supply, a Ribbon Cable, a
            Cassette Recorder Jumper Cable and an additional Cassette Recorder Cable for Cassette
            Recorder number 2. Notice that the DC Power Supply is not installed in the Case upon
            receipt. It must be installed using the procedures under the heading "SETTING UP".</p>
        <p>The Case houses the Expansion Interface Printed Circuit Board (PCB), two DC Power
            Supplies and provides a housing area for an additional expansion PCB. The Expansion
            Interface utilizes a real-time clock and contains sockets for the addition of up to 32K
            of RAM in 16K increments.</p>
        <p>One DC Power Supply provides power to the PCB. The other one supplies power to the
            TRS-80. The Power Supplies are interchangeable.</p>
        <p>The ribbon cable has 40-pin connectors on both ends and is used to connect the Expansion
            Interface to the TRS-80. You received hoods for these connectors which are covered later
            in this manual.</p>
        <p>The Cassette Recorder Jumper Cable has 5-pin audio DIN connectors on both ends. It
            connects between the Expansion Interface Tape input/output (I/O) and the TAPE connector
            on the right rear of the TRS-80 Microcomputer.</p>
        <p>The Cassette Recorder Cable is provided to connect the Expansion Interface to Cassette
            Recorder number 2.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
